{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20640\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Misc. Poker\
	AIVAT - A New Variance Reduction\'85\
		State of the art variance reduction technique. Enables statistically significant results in as little as 1000-10000 poker games\
		Based on accurate evaluation of baselines for every event with random chance to account for how much random chance contributes to the agent\'92s success or failure\
	AlphaHoldem\
		Neural Net poker agent. Convolutional nets -> fully connected layers -> action prediction\
		Beats Slumbot\
	Building an Efficient Poker Agent\'85\
	Combining Deep Reinforcement\'85\
	DIVAT - A Tool For The\'85\
		Less complicated, less powerful version of AIVAT and MIVAT\
	DeepStack- Expert-level artificial\'85\
		CFR-based HeadsUp No Limit agent. Weaker than Slumbot. Weaker version of OpenStack (Unlocking the potential\'85)\
	Generating Novice Heuristics\'85\
		Uses genetic programming to generate decision trees. Not particularly strong, but explainable agents\
	Improving a Case-Based Texas\'85\
	MIVAT - Learning a Value Analysis\'85\
		Less complicated, less powerful version of AIVAT\
	On novelty driven evolution in Poker\'85\
	OpenHoldem - A Benchmark\'85\
		Supposedly provides a website platform to compare holdem agents. I couldn\'92t actually access their website\
	Player of Games\
		Google\'92s LSTM agent to play a wide variety of games. Slightly better than Slumbot\
	Superhuman AI For Multiplayer Poker\
		Pluribus, a CFR based agent to \
	The challenge of poker\
	Unlocking the Potential of Deep\'85\
		OpenStack, the upgraded version of DeepStack. A CFR agent that\'92s better than Slumbot}